

# Architecture group discussion. 
Reviewed software placemats for different settings of our environments and what products we had that were in those spaces. It was a pretty interesting discussion. We talked about the future state that will be Q1 2026 which I was excited to see included access to GitHub Co-Pilot.

So, we've spent most of the time talking about the Boomi software vendor that we are trying to get that is in procurement right now or trying to get all the agreements signed and so on. As soon as that's done, then we will get some training and introduction to the Boomi software suite that we can use for all kinds of stuff. It'll get spread across all of our different IT activity categories. 

# EDP Provider Deep Dive Part 2 
Met with a bunch of the folks from our provider department, bunch of the leadership, and went through each of their use cases that we have identified to determine which quarter we were going to try to slot it into for the EDP roadmap and what its dependencies might be and who the contacts are for detailed information about that particular use case. 

# Discuss Claims API for Abacus. 
Met with Kelly Good Clark, James Hicks, and Lindsay Sleep. We filled out a quick spreadsheet for Abacus regarding the eligibility and claims data and the formats that we had it in and what they would be receiving as well as some information about our PBM and information about how to tie claims of different types to eligibility. Rich is going to fill out part of it that has to do with the provider directory, and then I think we're ready for our meeting tomorrow.  
