So, stand-up was canceled today. My 11:30 one-on-one with Ron was rescheduled to 3 and then canceled a little bit before 3. So I haven't had any meetings today, which has been awesome
Here's what I've been working on. I've been working on the switch to point to the dev_raw_clone_db instead of the dev_raw_db, which is going to be used by the ingestion team for their development. And dev_raw_clone_db will be used by the data engineers for their development. That way we can do parallel development without stepping on each other's toes. 
All the GitHub authentication issues seem to be resolved. 
We figured out the problem with the dbt having the wrong still having a reference to franken with the help of dbt support. That's resolved. 
The data engineers are in the process of finalizing their new development environment, going through their own testing to make sure it works. I did run some tests from within my development environment and in the Team Dev environment, they all seemed to work okay, and they all seemed to pull from the new dev_raw_clone_db. 
We will have more Abacus discovery sessions next week, but I've been working today on some of the documentation. I know Lindsay needs documentation for our EDP platform audit, so I'm trying to put together some general documentation for that. I'm going to continue diving deeper to try to document the things that Abacus is interested in. If we have a document that we can pass to satish, it'll be easier for them to understand. We spent quite a while on the phone with me explaining things to their architect about some of the requirements that we have that are a little tricky, and that was a difficult conversation to get him from zero to knowledgeable very quickly. So I figured a document should help. 
I also need to work through my modeling workflow to see if I can streamline it so that it can feed into the code-generating workflow. Whatever artifacts I come up with in design, I can just drop them into the code workflow prompt somehow. That's fairly simple, and then I can generate the code for those artifacts. Once I have done the data model, I'm hoping to go from data model to code in one agentic step. We'll see if I can pull that off.
To summarize the last week, we've successfully recovered our repository and got that reconfigured. I think there may be some little things that we've missed that we'll find over the next few weeks, but it's working: branches seem to be protected appropriately, we're able to do merges and feature branches and all that stuff and promotions. We successfully switched from Rising Sun to North Star by:
1. Moving our Dev first to the Franken environment
2. When the Franken environment was renamed a couple days later, we moved our Dev to that new environment
3. When the dev_raw_clone_db was created, we moved our sourcing to that new database.
This puts us in a position to start splitting the repositories across teams so that we can really leverage the power of cross-project references and dbt mesh. So probably the next step once this everybody has reported in that their testing is good is I'll start working with the OneView team to set up their new pipelines so that we'll be ready for real-time ingestion whenever it's ready for us. 
Next week is probably repository splitting, documentation, and data modeling systems that I need to come up with so that I can work on those data models and documentation for the rest of the quarter. Or less, if I can figure out a way to get done quicker. 
For the remainder of the day, I have a project that I want to try to pull off: to come up with an agentic workflow or prompting system that can produce decent slide decks. I found a podcast with some tips on that, so I'm going to give it a shot. 

  