# EDP Team One Sprint Review 
Talked about the last sprint: what went well, what didn't. There was some frustration because it looked like we might finish early, and the team wanted to, but that didn't work out. But we did finish on time, pretty much. That's unusual enough to be worth celebrating. 

# EDP Team 1 Sprint Planning 
The admins on the team decided that this sprint was mainly going to be configuring the Rising Sun sandbox environment, standing up a couple of databases, and some roles and so on. I'll continue working on documentation and preparing stories for the Hakoda Data Engineers. I also have some data council meetings And documentation to do. 

# EDP Security Review Request 
Met with Luke Bechtel and Nick Rudy on the security team to discuss what needs to happen for them to review our current environment setup in Snowflake. The roles and permissions have been changed around to standardize them, and we want another security Review. So Nick and Luke seemed receptive to that, and they're going to get back to us with a timeline. 

# Provider Business Vault Sync 
I met with Shea Harding and Martin Rivera to discuss the current state of the provider data model since Martin is leaving this week. Martin and I are working on a PCP attribution refactor, but he should be done with that by tomorrow end of day tomorrow, and then he'll be gone. So that went well.

# Rob, one-on-one. 
Talked with Rob about current state of HDS:
- The Milliman HCG thing seems to have been figured out
- The rewrite of NDW is getting started but still in early days
- We talked about AI adoption a little bit as well
