Okay, I want to braindump a little bit on multi-tenancy in the EDP platform. We have a tenant ID attached to all tables across the board in the EDP. This tenant ID column is going to be used by our data governance group for row access policies and also to identify the tenant. Each company that comes into our multi-tenant environment could have more than one tenant ID depending on their security requirements. We will have a table that resolves and describes those tenant IDs and the access that comes with those IDs. Data governance will build row access policies that create roles that have access to some of those tenant IDs or not access depending on their security requirements. Currently, the tenant ID is only in our integration, curation, and consumption layers. But the plan is to add it to our raw layer. So data would flow into the raw layer and initially would be marked as not approved by data governance for any role except data governance roles. Data governance would review the new data and tag columns with data masking tags And create entries in a cross-reference table that referred to that tenant ID and the rules to apply that ID to the table. For instance, if it's a table of membership and it's BCI membership, the tenant IDs would resolve to a BCI tenant that had access to the normal BCI data and then a separate tenant ID that only has access to restricted BCI data, such as Group 4. The tenant ID, in the case of a member, would be assigned on a membership crosswalk that identified which members were considered part of the restricted data and which members were considered part of the normal BCI data. Each new dataset coming into the EDP from a different company would have at least one, but maybe more, new tenant IDs that go with that. Those would be integrated into the data governance process of identifying which tenant ID goes with which rows in the table. From the raw layer, the tenant ID has been assigned and will just flow into the subsequent layers as we create them.  
