I spent most of the day on Friday, September 19th, dealing with a repo deletion. This is one of the dangers of working in healthcare. Our code repository was mistakenly identified as having PHI and clear text. In the code and the code repository was backed up and deleted. This was an unpleasant surprise for my team since that file didn't contain PHI, just very PHI-like test data. I don't really blame the scan for picking it up, although it was unfortunate that they didn't notify us before removing the repository. Anyway, we restored the develop branch from backup, and I spent the rest of the day setting up the branch and protection rules and other main branches and getting them all in sync. Still have some branch protection rules to add on Monday, but other than that, it's all back on its feet. Code is running in each of the three major environments, and that is good news. That means we are ready to start the migration over to North Star from the Rising Sun Snowflake account for development. I have a meeting scheduled for Monday afternoon with the data engineering developers to begin that migration. 

One positive that came out of this experience is that we kind of have a list in our heads now of what happens when your repo gets deleted and restored from a backup. Here's what's in my head right now about that. 

## Here is the impact of that repo deletion.
- **Branches lost**: The only branch that was restored was develop
- **No history**: We lost all of our merge history and change history
- **Dev changes in main**: We weren't able to get Main Branch back, which means that now Main is exactly what was in develop before the deletion. If our production environment was truly a production environment, this would mean that every feature that was all or partially in progress would now be part of production, including any changes to existing production processes. 
- **Production down**: This would be a production down event if our production was truly an official production environment. 
- **Work in progress lost** : Fortunately, we had just begun a code freeze in develop to prep for a transition. Otherwise we also would've lost every feature branch that was still under development and hadn't been merged back into develop. 
