
## Architectural Review Board meeting.
Presented our switch from MSK to S3 proposal to the Enterprise Architecture Review Board. The presentation went really well. They approved our proposal to switch over to using CSV files in our S3 buckets in AWS.

## Team refinement.
Worked on our backlog, filling out acceptance criteria and technical details on stories that we didn't have time to finish during our planning week.

## IT town hall meeting.
David Yu spent some time talking about. The McKinsey 7S framework is a management model that helps organizations analyze whether they're well positioned to achieve strategic objectives.The 7 S's are:
1. Strategy, 2. Structure, 3. System, 4. Shared value, 5. Style, 6. Staff, 7. Skills
This is the framework they use to evaluate our IT strategy.
Town hall meeting covered some reorg topics for our IT department. We need to graduate as an IT department to being an IT department that can service multiple companies instead of just BCI. So they will be organizing our IT department to support the business going forward. Part of our business strategy is to diversify. We are spinning up a holding company called Gemstone Holdings that company owns BCI as well as Eagle Pharmacy and Range Health Care. There may be other subsidiaries in the future, and they are talking about what that might entail. There could be a data service kind of product that we develop as well.
The reporting structure to David Yu, our CIO, will now have these departments:
1. Business Relationship Management: this is the bridge between business and IT, aligning technology solutions with strategic needs, translating requirements, driving adoption, and ensuring IT is delivering real value by enabling our efficiency, innovation, and competitive advantage across our department functions.
2. Office of the CIO: o-CIO drives alignment and communication, manages priorities, governance, and initiatives, streamlines operations, and acts as an advisor. The role is intended to amplify the CIO's impact by ensuring that the CIO strategy translates into clear actions and measurable outcomes.
3. Cybersecurity and GR: CISO leads enterprise security strategy, managing risks, policies, and compliance. Oversees threat detection, incident response, and resilience, ensuring protection of data, systems, and reputation against cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
4. Infrastructure: infrastructure and cloud services deliver secure, scalable, reliable technology foundations and platforms. They manage networks, storage, servers, and cloud platforms to ensure performance, compliance, and agility to support business operations, cost optimization, and transformations.
5. EA and Enterprise Common Services: this department aligns technology strategy with business goals through architecture and enterprise common services. Our standardized, reusable capabilities support multiple applications and departments across the organization.
6. AI and Innovation: the AI and Innovation function identifies emerging technologies, develops use cases, and drives adoption to accelerate digital transformation, foster experimentation, build partnerships, and ensure scalable solutions that deliver measurable business value while positioning the organization as a forward-looking and competitive one.
7. Data: Data Governance Strategy Platform and support ensure trusted, secure, and accessible data. They establish policies and standards, manage platforms, and provide user-enabled enablement. Together they align data initiatives with business goals, enabling compliance, insights, and value-driven decision-making across the enterprise.
No details about how the current staffing would be distributed among those new departments and who would own which processes. David also spent some time talking about our mix of design and build activities vs. support and maintain activities. We need to shift our focus from. I think right now our distribution is probably 30% design and build and 70% maintenance. David wants to switch that completely on its head with 70% design and build and 30% maintenance. Instead of using contractors for design and build activities, as we have in the past, he wants to use contractors for running the business and doing the maintenance and support kind of activities. Leaving our internal staff available for design and build activities. So I think the new IT department structure reflects that emphasis.

## Abacus data source discovery meeting. 
Discussed our upcoming engagement with Abacus. We went through with the Abacus architecture.
1. They started off with a kickoff and what we could expect to happen over the next few months.
2. How their high-level project deliverables work.
3. And the timeline of those high-level deliverables. 
We moved on to architecture. They wanted to identify each of the sources and have us go through and explain to them what the use cases were around each of the sources and what use cases they may not have served with our past engagements. We discussed, for instance:
1. The augmenting of our data with audit information that is recorded on our source systems, so that we have historical data changes for some of our data sets. Such as member addresses. 
2. Also, our use of the Legacy Facets archive data is important, and how much we would actually need of that archived data. 
3. We discussed the timeline that the business is currently on for sunsetting the legacy Facets systems, which is intended to be by the end of the year. I don't know if that decision has been finalized. 
4. We talked about some of the satellite databases that are part of the Facets ecosystem for both legacy and GemStone. Which one of those custom tables that are business-critical, they're supporting core business functions. We might also need to bring over, in addition to the core Facets data, the actual application tables. 
The overriding concern I have in the meeting is whether our current EDP architecture that we're moving to supports the Abacus engagement, or if the Abacus engagement is going to disrupt our current vision for the future state of the EDP. If it's going to mesh well with what Abacus is delivering, and how we can make that more future-proof. Some of the decisions that we're in the process of adopting might clash with the Abacus delivery. In the EDP, we are moving to a Data Vault methodology.
- The raw layer is the tables as represented by the source
- The integration layer is a raw Data Vault under a Data Vault 2.0 methodology 
- the curation layer becomes the business vault under data vault 2.0 methodology. 
- The consumption layer becomes the information part of Data Vault 2.0 methodology. 
However, this seems different from what Habakkuk is going to deliver, which we are calling. They use a medallion architecture, so their bronze layer and their silver layer data. I'm trying to think of how we mesh those architectures together so that we can ingest or sort of incorporate their foundation data marts (I think that's what they're calling them). We want those to supplement our information, or do we want those to be supplemented by our information? Additional information if that makes sense? I'll have a discussion with Sani tomorrow on that topic. 
