## North Star Development missing tables. 
Met with admin, engineers, and the Hakoda architect to discuss some missing information in the new Dev raw layer that used to be in the Rising Sun Dev. This is because there hasn't been a fresh copy of the production raw layer for several months due to the needs of the ingestion development team. What we decided in this meeting is that the engineering development team and the ingestion development team need separate raw layers to work in. The solution for this we decided was to create two raw databases in the dev environment:
1. One of them would be for ingestion development and it would stay named dev_raw_DB
2. We would create a new database called something like dev_eng_raw_DB
  - One way to do this is to create a view layer that points at the production raw DB to get a real-time synced copy of production. Nice for engineering but a little bit risky from an architecture point of view. 
  - The other approach that we're leaning toward now is to do a zero-copy clone and either use the same one for pre-prod and dev or make dev its own zero-copy clone. That way, dev engineers can modify the data for test cases and so on in development without affecting any other environment. 
Emily scheduled a follow-up meeting for this afternoon to talk with representatives from each of the engineering teams so that they can weigh in on any other requirements that this approach may not work for. 
The other decision we approach that's kind of adjacent to this one is how we manage our code repositories. Currently, we have two repositories:
1. One for source data configuration Called EDP_source_data. 
2. Another one for the data engineering teams called EDP Data Domains
What we are thinking about is splitting the data engineering project into multiple projects based on the release schedule needs, consumption, and timing needs. We're proposing to create two new projects:
1. EDP Streaming
2. EDP Data Integrations
for extracting projects, and then the existing EDP Data Domains project for the analytical platform transformations.
That way, each of these repositories can have its own independent release schedule and own independent job orchestration that satisfies the needs of the use_cases they're working on. 

## Ram one-on-one. 
Met with Ram, gave him an update based on the contents of this file.docs\meeting_prep\director_summary_2025_09_17-25.md
The meeting was short but positive, giving me a status on how things were going. He reiterated that he wants me to delegate as much of the tangible work to others as I can and spread myself a little thinner across the teams for guidance, saving some time for business alignment that we have to get done this quarter. 
