# Compliance Issue Provider Term Letters. 
Met with Ram and Margaret. There is a compliance issue with our provider termination letters. It looks like there's a process that was identified as something that nobody used when we migrated systems. A poll was sent out to the business, and everyone said that they did not need this process. However, it turns out that it is an important process to feed data to our provider term letter process. Just nobody was aware that that process was a critical portion of our provider termination. We're faced with a choice. We can either try to build this new capability in the cloud platform, which is not very mature yet, and would have difficulty supporting it, and it's an on-prem process as well. So we would have to figure out the whole feedback loop, which is not a mechanism that's built in the enterprise data platform yet. The other choice is to build a solution on prem, either by resurrecting the old process or porting the old process over to our new on prem environment, and then repeating that process again in a year or two when we move it into the cloud. That's not a great place to be, but it looks like that's the choice we're going to have to make. I don't think we can support this process in the enterprise data platform right now. 

# EDP Team One Sprint Review 
We reviewed the past two weeks of Sprint, talked about accomplishments and things that we may be able to demo. One of the things that I said that I could probably do some demonstration of is just our environment move from Rising Sun to North Star and our move to split our raw databases into two pieces, one for ingestion and one for data engineering. My intent was to show, basically just show some DBT jobs and configuration to show that we did it and that things are running now in our new dev environment and that it's usable by our engineers. The admins are going to demonstrate a similar thing, but from the Snowflake side and the role-based access policy side. Between the two demos, hopefully leadership can get an idea of the environment hardening and the progress we've made toward moving our environment to the new architecture we want to embrace. 

# ADP Group Contracts 
This was a preparatory meeting with Michelle Halsey, who is on the compliance team and does a lot of their analyst work. What we were trying to get from Michelle is how we can best approach getting this proof of concept approved. The proof of concept is the one where we want to use Snowflake Cortex and Document AI to harvest benefit information out of our group contracts. Those contracts can be 8-10 pages all the way up to 80 pages. They're very long, very detailed, and totally a difficult thing for a customer service agent to scan and respond to member questions during a call. One of the solutions that's been suggested for this is to scan those contract documents using AI and have AI summarize the benefit information, or allow the customer service agent to interact with the document via a chat or something so that we can present that information to them. Whether we turn it into structured data that we can put in the application, or whether we put in a chat capability that the customer service agent can interact with, we want to do a proof of concept on whether this is a good idea or a bad idea. For more information, visit www.FEMA.gov. What's even possible and what the costs would be like if we wanted to implement this in an enterprise-wide way. If this proof of concept works, then there's a lot of other unstructured data hanging around in our data storage that we could extract valuable things from. Michelle really helped us out in terms of the AI review board and what that process is like and what types of questions they want to see answered in addition to the review form you have to fill out to just get on the agenda. She cautioned that it would be difficult to get on this agenda - it's mostly executives on that review board, and they have a tendency to push their meetings out. Our goal, short-term goal, is to get that request filled out and in the queue, and work up a sheet of answers to the questions that they would likely want to ask so that we can provide that information as well. Hopefully doing those two things quickly will get us in the queue and in front of the review board before the holidays start. Which would keep us on track for beginning this proof of concept work in January. On a personal note, this is super frustrating. I have a review request that's been in front of the review board for three months now. No response yet. And AI has the landscape of AI and capabilities in AI have totally changed over the last three months. So that request is completely invalid right now because it was based on a 3-month-old understanding of the capabilities that we could get by bringing a specific AI tool into our environment. Now that understanding has completely changed. The tooling is different. The capabilities are different. The whole decision matrix is different. So I think in future we need to focus on generic AI capabilities, not specific AI tooling, if that makes sense. I'm not sure how to get there from where we're at right now because this review board is very much based on reviewing specific tools and technologies rather than business capabilities. 

# EDP, Business Alignment Stretch Goals 
In this meeting, I met with Data Governance and Lindsay. We talked through the process that we want to go through to try and align our data modeling and data engineering work with the business. The difficulty that we're running into right now is executive support in some of our domains. We have the business data divided up into 8 or 9 domains, and the critical domains are probably the most critical are probably membership, claims, product, and benefits. And the executives in charge of those things are really dragging their feet on participating in the data product councils.

We really want to get this idea of a data product into the business vocabulary and mindset so that we have this good line of communication with a team of experts to help guide IT's work on the data so that the things we build are useful when we build them instead of being based on our own understanding of how the business works. They're based on the understanding of the business which keeps us in alignment with business processes. In the meeting, there was some frustration expressed with how slow that process is becoming and how much pushback we're getting from executives. Lindsey is going to escalate some of this to David Yu's level at the CIO office and see if we can get some traction there. If David can interact with the other executives as peers instead of us going to those executives with our begging and our elevator pitch, maybe this will be more successful. 

# Rob and Dan, one-on-one. 
Talked with Rob. One-on-one he's in the middle of a fire, so we didn't talk for too long, but I did give him some direction on the fire. There's some problems with a new version of the hospital cost grouper bridge. The bridge itself seems messed up, although we're not sure about the output of the hospital cost grouping software. But for sure, the bridge table is messed up and is probably causing joint explosions just from the symptoms that are manifesting in our analytics where we have hugely inflated days of service and things like that associated with claims. These are all metrics that are assigned by that hospital cost grouping software, and this is exactly what it would look like if our bridge table had a bunch of duplicates in it. The engineering teams are having trouble determining what's a dupe and what's not because they're not duplicates in the data. They have different surrogate keys and so on for these new rows, but I think the old rows didn't go away or get replaced, and we're not sure exactly why. I think that's the symptom we have to treat.

Shreya, who built the bridge table, processes are now on a different team, but she agreed to give the HDS team some of her time so that she can try to help them diagnose the problem, and then they can work to fix it. 

# reflections on personal goals
Alright, delegations. I had a task in mind to delegate today. I have my delegation record filled out with my task description and person it should be assigned to and all that. I have not met with that person. They weren't able to meet today. They were having some connection issues. This is kind of one of those larger tasks that I'd really rather do in person instead of over email or chat. It's a little more stressful for me that way, but I think this needs some more verbal interaction so that I can ask and answer questions dynamically and so on. But I do have a meeting on the calendar for tomorrow morning, and that is going to be the delegation meeting. This task is for Martin Rivera, who is a contractor, to start working on some of the tasks we need to do to continue working on our provider domain modeling. This is the business rule portion of the provider domain, and it gets pretty complicated. We're trying to come up with a rate way to refactor that code and port it into Snowflake from our on-prem implementation. I didn't finish my delegation, but I'm all ready to do it, and it's going to happen tomorrow morning. Wish me luck! 

Alright, so personal reflections. I'm working not only on delegation but trying to retrain my brain to not have anxiety meltdowns when I have emotional reactions to things that feel overwhelming or feel like I need to suppress them. This is a neurological sort of tactic. I'm trying to retrain my brain to not reflexively suppress emotion until they're too big to handle, but to recognize those emotions while they're small so that I can express them and deal with them and get my concerns out. When I have a tendency to hide those reactions until I have time to process them, but in reality, what's happening is those emotions are not getting resolved and they're building up. It would be more healthy for me to recognize them right away when they're still a casual and informal thing, not a big blow-up. Anyway, so I'm calling those green light emotions.
- Green is when the emotion is small and manageable
- Yellow is when that emotion is getting bigger and the frustrations are rising but I'm still suppressing it
- Red is when my real emotional reaction is too big to suppress and I say things that I regret saying or I say things in a way that's not constructive
So emotions that I had today that I could have greenlit but didn't um are during my Compliance meeting. I was a little irritated at the lack of support from the business. This is sort of an ongoing issue with the business who doesn't want to have to spend time directing IT. The problem is that IT can't work effectively without direction from the business. They are the brains of the outfit. We are the execution of some of the technological solutions to our business problems, but we don't necessarily understand the business problem itself. We understand how to create technical solutions. My job as an architect is in part to bridge the gap between those business pain points and what the execution looks like to make sure our solution actually fixes the problem and doesn't just turn out to be something completely useless. However, the business has always been very reluctant to support us in that. By support, I mean requirements gathering sessions, providing subject matter expert time to help us test the solution to determine whether it's effective and accurate. Those are determinations that are hard for us to make on our own with just our technical knowledge. Anyway, that was a frustration. I felt that frustration during the meeting, but I suppressed it. I didn't acknowledge it, and I probably should have just really briefly, a short sentence, acknowledged that, "oh, this is a problem we've seen before, and that's a frustration for me." If I could do that, then I wouldn't feel right now like I'm still frustrated and I didn't acknowledge that. 

I also got included into a Teams chat. The Teams chat was a conflict between two people on different teams who were working on a similar project. One of them had done something that the other one didn't think was a requirement. The bottom line was it absolutely wasn't a requirement, but the person who disagreed with the implementation wanted me to weigh in as an architect and say this is not a requirement, we don't need to do this, please hold off until this is a hard requirement. Took me a while to come around to that, I think my brain was definitely ignoring the conflict part of the discussion. So I was saying that, but I was being tentative about saying it, like "okay, if this is not a hard requirement, then maybe we want to think about blah blah blah". And so I was using lots of qualifying words and lots of tentative language, which is definitely a conflict avoidance kind of pattern. Anyway, what ended up happening is because I wasn't being clear, the people in the discussion pulled in our program manager, Lindsay, who definitely doesn't have time to deal with this, and she asked me in a separate chat if I could just put that issue to bed. So that made me realize that I had been waffling. In the chat. So back to the chat, I stated my intention and my opinion very clearly and asked them to not implement that feature yet because it's not a hard requirement and I don't want to introduce complexity where it's not needed. But I definitely should have said that a couple of hours before I said it. That would have saved everybody a lot of time and energy. I just have difficulty being assertive when I sense the conflict. My reflex is to resolve the conflict part, the emotional part, rather than just ending the interaction with a decision. I'm always afraid that that decision is going to upset someone, and that goes against my reflexive sort of childhood training. But it's okay to be direct as long as I can do it while being tactful. I wasn't emotionally upset or anything. I didn't have any problem framing my thoughts. I just had a problem with the idea that I was creating inconvenience and I was sustaining the conflict, but in reality, I was ending the conflict by being decisive Not exacerbating it. being indecisive, tentative, and tactful was exacerbating the problem. 
OK. So those are some opportunities I missed today that I can think of. I'm going to make this reflection a part of my daily journal so that I can go back and parse through it and see if I can recognize patterns that would help me that I need to develop systems to prevent those patterns from happening. So that's the higher-level thinking part of this. For now, I'm just recording my thoughts and impressions so that I can analyze them later. 